Read.txt file for SmithWaterman Algorithm.

1)User enters Matrix(PAM or BLOSUM) ,filename(fasta file where the sequences are availble),gap opening penalty,gap extension penalty,output file(give as .html file).
  Each of the entered values are arranged into a hash with m,f,g,e,o respectively as the keys and the value that user enters as a value.

2)Then the sequences from the fasta file are read in.The name following the '>'is sepesrated from the actual sequences using regular expressions in PERL.
  Each sequence is assigned to an array.

3)The PAM250 and BLOSUM62 matrices are coded into the program usng the concept of array of arrays and hases.
 Each row in the matrix is written in a array and all the arrays are referenced into a main P250 array.
 Then a hash is created and that has the concatenation of elements from horizontal and vertical arrays.(like AA,AB,AP,etc).Their correxponding value is assigned when this concatenated atring is called anywhere in the program.
Similarly with BLOSUM62.

4)The length of the arrays having sequences is calculated,and that set as a limit a 2D array is constructed with all the bounday values initialised to zero.

5)Using for loops the 2D array (matrix) is filled in taking the maximum value of the diagonal,left and up scores.

6)Based on the max score traceback is assigned to each cell,1 towards diagonal,2 towards left and 3 towards up.

7)Based on the score and traceback values for each cell trace back is done and the elements that are consumed are stored into two different arrays.
If the traceback is 1 ,its diagonal and both the elements from horizontal and vertical arrays are consumed,if the score
is 2 ,its left and thus the horizontal element is consumed and if traceback is 3 vertical elemnt is consumed and thus the sequences are stored into arrays.

8)Then if the sequences are matching ,i.e.if the horizontal sequence and vertical sequencesa have same elements a match is considered and a score is assigned to it from the PAM or blosum matrix.
 If there is a gap the gap given by the user is taken and the score is calculated.
9)The output is generated into an HTML file by just writing in to a .html file.



